Starting this lesson, we're going to learn WebSocket in Spring Boot.
We're starting with introduce WebSocket,
then we introduce STOMP, and STOMP commands.
We'll then implement Spring Boot WebSocket components in our demo.
So the component incurred WebSocket Config,
Message, Message Wrapper, Message Controller, and Browser Client.
Also, we created a Scheduler for the WebSocket application we created.
We are going to explain each WebSocket components we are going to implement,
and implement them step by step.
So what is WebSocket?
To make a short, WebSocket is a protocol
used to transmit real-time messages between client and server.
Therefore, to implement a WebSocket application,
we need to have both server side and client side.
In this lesson, I'm going to walk through
a quick WebSocket implementation using Spring Boot framework.
We'll use a STOMP,
or WebSocket to communicate with each other.